docs(composer): Renovate does not support Composer version 2.5.0 or newer (#19511)
renovatebot/renovate: lib/modules/manager/composer/readme.md

> <!-- prettier-ignore -->

Author: It looks like we implemented a workaround for Composer `2.5.0` with these PRs:

- #19518
- #19527

Do we still need the warning admonition?

!!! warning
    Renovate does not support Composer version `2.5.0` or newer.

>     This is because of changes in the default behavior of Composer.

Author: Please check my wording on this, we want to avoid blame, but also be honest about what's breaking for us? Maybe we can explain how the change breaks our workflow/code?

>     For now, you can do ... to workaround the problem.

Author: Need a suggestion from the maintainer on our recommended workaround. I suppose it's something like this?

- Pin Composer to last known working version (probably `2.4.4`)
- Don't merge Renovate upgrade for Composer `2.5.0` upgrade until Renovate works again

>     For now, you can do ... to workaround the problem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For now, you can configure `constraints.php` to be `< 2.5.0` to work around the problem.
```

>     Subscribe to these issues/discussions to follow our progress: insert link to issues.

Author: Do we want to point to our discussion or upstream issue? We should prevent people piling on the maintainers of Composer, so maybe best to only link to Renovate's issues?
